Name: Ricardo Aguilar 		
Date: 05/01/2020

Project: Spacegodzilla 
Group's repository: https://github.com/Hayasak-a/SpacegodzillaGame



What is something you learned by reviewing this group's project?

I liked seeing how they handled the movement of the game, it feels like a normal Tetris game in terms of rotation and speed, and movement.
 

In what ways does this game reflect the theme?
Their sprites resembled some virus, maybe trying something like Dr. Mario but using the coronavirus instead. 
 

What is something you saw in this group's project that you would like to apply to your own future games?

I liked the movement system, although it looks pretty simple it's not because the block aren't falling in a fluid motion they skip frames which makes it appear like an older game which is a nice addition to game feel. 

 

What suggestions would you have for this group to improve the game?
Add walls to make the blocks stack or stay on screen. And adding more blocks after the initial one.

 

Was there anything in the GDScript that was confusing to you? If so, what?
Most of it was pretty confusing but that because It's hard for me to understand all of it, that doesn't mean that it's wrong in any way, I'm just not as qualified to speak about it. 
 

Is it clear that every group member participated?

According to GitHub.com it says only 2 people contributed but I'm not sure how many people were in the group. 

 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?

Yes

 

What is something the group could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?

I think they did a good job, I learned more about the game in this description than I did playing it, which really helped understand what they were going for. 

 

Pay a compliment to the group based on the quality of the game.

I think it shows a lot of promise, they accomplished the hardest part which is the movement and randomize of the block appearing on the screen. I think they could finish this if they wanted.



How many of your points would you allocate to this project?
2


